README.md, before:

# My Courses Block

A block to display enrolled course in a configurable manner for both
students and teachers.

## Features

- Simple install
- Intuitive controls
- Manually hide courses or categories from the list
- Customize sort order of courses and categories
- Expand/collapse course categories
- Favorites "category" 
- Last # viewed courses "category"
- Site administrators get an *All courses...* link

## Requirements

- Moodle 2.1+

## Installation

Simply rename the `moodle-block_my_courses` to `my_courses`, move the folder into your blocks directory, and
run the _Notifications_ admin link.

## Instructions

1. Turn block editing mode on by clicking the **gear icon** in the bottom right corner.
2. Hide courses and cateogires by clicking the **eye icon** next to them. When a course or category has its eye shut and is ~~strikethrough~~ it is hidden.
3. Sort courses and categories by **dragging them** into the order you would like.
4. After you are finished customizing your course menu, click the **gear icon** once again to save your changes and turn editing mode off.

*Developed by the University of Portland. Many features and additions contributed by Syxton https://github.com/Syxton*

Commit message:

Renamed block from my_courses to custom_course_menu
Added boilerplates. This branch is for submission to the Moodle plugin
database.

README.md, after:

# Custom Course Menu Block

A block to display enrolled course in a configurable manner for both
students and teachers.

## Features

- Simple install
- Intuitive controls
- Manually hide courses or categories from the list
- Customize sort order of courses and categories
- Expand/collapse course categories
- Favorites "category" 
- Last # viewed courses "category"
- Site administrators get an *All courses...* link

## Requirements

- Moodle 2.1+

## Installation

Simply rename the `moodle-block_custom_course_menu` to `custom_course_menu`, move the folder into your blocks directory, and
run the _Notifications_ admin link.

## Instructions

1. Turn block editing mode on by clicking the **gear icon** in the bottom right corner.
2. Hide courses and cateogires by clicking the **eye icon** next to them. When a course or category has its eye shut and is ~~strikethrough~~ it is hidden.
3. Sort courses and categories by **dragging them** into the order you would like.
4. After you are finished customizing your course menu, click the **gear icon** once again to save your changes and turn editing mode off.

*Developed by the University of Portland. Many features and additions contributed by Syxton https://github.com/Syxton*
